Do you know how to take care of orchids?
It seems difficult, right?
but I do not see now that a little bit of
way and some simple care you
You can have this beautiful plant in your house.
see more of today brings you a place
lovely we are in the orchid
full of beautiful flowers and the
Culinary will tell us
some of those true secrets
serious nature jewelry to have a
plant like this at home is difficult
no, it's not difficult cultivation is a
even quite simple cultivation is the
person needs to like plant né
need to especially like
orchid and know a little about it
her and to know how to cultivate what is the
What do we have to do all day?
to have a beautiful plant like that that
fertilization with regular frequency and
rules the proper brightness a good
and has orchids that you can
cultivate and hit the orchid spot
inside the house right?
we do we need to leave it here
People are watching, have a little sun.
or we already have to leave a little
further away the phalaenopsis in
so it can not be placed
in the direct sun she quite likes
quality in a very clear environment
but without catching the direct sun because these
leaves resent too much ne
and it's also the flowers they can burn
the flower petals I think they are even
the more resistant the sheet is
because the damaged sheet does not
can make photos science shows to
people here we are seeing a little
music here when you are decorating
watering the plant I look at where the
leafy sauce
especially with our winter is a
very strict winter, she does not tolerate
that within the fresh soft water is vita
in fact it's right in the middle is the plant
here, then try to wet yourself more
around and always the roots deny
You're welcome.
sometimes it gets its roots but here
roots are the roots the roots of them
are well aerial is a typical plant
Then you have to watering the
roots have a small plate underneath leave
water on the plate does not
The water is in silverware never, then.
can get wet from soaking because
there is a myth that one can not
put is water in orchid and this is not
truth can get wet
but never let up is the accumulated water
so we always take a look
there on that substrate where it is
to understand that you need water
or not exactly
do not forget that the orchids
also need fertilizers are two
organic and organic chemical normally
should be given every two months and the
chemist once a week another tip is
wet with rain or filtered water
Forget the tap water she has.
too much aluminum and chlorine
we came to know the greenhouse of his
orchid to get an idea and look
only those orchids that are here
little ones they'll take about
six years to get bigger and give
flowers like those plants that people
saw there in there
celia tells us a curiosity
we said it is a jewel of nature
so it's worth a lot of people
knows you have the commercial values
how much does an orchid plant cost in
in general the average price average price
varies around 50 reais
orchid is a beautiful orchid you can
buy for 50 reais can reach up to
how much does it vary so have
orchids that some collectors
very expensive sometimes for a
orchid pay fortunes sometimes have to
Be careful you have to be passing.
insecticide using this products
appropriate to deal with this
plant is always the observation of the
plant to see what it is
requiring adequate fertilization
he is everyone who knows how to take care of
orchid not my organized laces o
that says to love latem orchid always
When you get here you already take her there and she gives you
flowers she plant nazaré after all
This has to have that affection says that
Have to talk to her orchids.
Conversations, what you say there, they look beautiful.
are a reminder to you in
supermarkets you can find
others for 20 or 30 reais then
the tip for our viewer was
spend in the markets on Saturday night as
others are always priced well
Special